Flexible and scalable consistency checking on product line variability models.
Flexible Update Propagation for Weakly Consistent Replication.
A Consistency Model for Identity Information in Distributed Systems.
A MDE Approach for Heterogeneous Models Consistency.
An Incremental Algorithm for High-Performance Runtime Model Consistency.
Applying a Consistency Checking Framework for Heterogeneous Models and Artifacts in Industrial Product Lines.
Checking Model Consistency Using Data-Flow Testing.
Consistency Check in Modelling Multi-Agent Systems.
Consistency Checking of Conceptual Models via Model Merging.
Consistency Checks for Duties in Extended UML2 Activity Models.
Consistency Recovery in Interactive Modeling.
Consistency, Independence and Consequences in UML and OCL Models.
Consistency-preserving edit scripts in model versioning.
Consistent co-evolution of models and transformations.
Consistent Integration of Models Based on Views of Visual Languages.
Consistent Modeling Using Multiple UML Profiles.
Constraint-Based Consistency Checking between Design Decisions and Component Models for Supporting Software Architecture Evolution.
Fine-Tuning Model Transformation - Change Propagation in Context of Consistency, Completeness, and Human Guidance.
Formal Verification of Consistency between Feature Model and Software Architecture in Software Product Line.
Formalizing model consistency based on the abstract syntax.
Global consistency checking of distributed models with TReMer+.
Heterogeneous Models Matching for Consistency Management.
Incremental Consistency Checking for Complex Design Rules and Larger Model Changes.
Inter-model Consistency Checking Using Triple Graph Grammars and Linear Optimization Techniques.
Inter-Model Consistency in UML Based on CPN Formalism.
Enhancing Flexibility in User Interaction Modeling by Adding Design Uncertainty to IFML.
Transformation of Models Containing Uncertainty.
Partial models - Towards modeling and reasoning with uncertainty.
A Goal-Based Modeling Approach to Develop Requirements of an Adaptive System with Environmental Uncertainty.
Automatically Generating Behavioral Models of Adaptive Systems to Address Uncertainty.
Test Model Coverage Analysis Under Uncertainty.
Towards Modelling and Reasoning About Uncertain Data of Sensor Measurements for Decision Support in Smart Spaces.
Uncovering Unknown System Behaviors in Uncertain Networks with Model and Search-Based Testing.
Online Model-Based Testing under Uncertainty.
Flexible Model Element Introduction Policies for Aspect-Oriented Modeling.
On the Quest for Flexible Modelling.
The Conformance Relation Challenge - Building Flexible Modelling Frameworks.
Towards sound, optimal, and flexible building from megamodels.
A Modeling Approach for Flexible Workflow Applications of Cloud Services.
From Sequence Diagrams to Event B - A Specification and Verification Approach of Flexible Workflow Applications of Cloud Services Based on Meta-model Transformation.
Towards Model-Driven Variability-Based Flexible Service Compositions.
Flexible Modeling and Product Derivation in Software Product Lines.
EMA2AOP - From the AADL Error Model Annex to aspect language towards fault tolerant systems.
A Pattern for Modelling Fault Tolerant Systems in Event-B.
A Method for Modeling and Analyzing Fault-Tolerant Service Composition.
Modeling Fault Tolerant Services in Service-Oriented Architecture.
Pattern-Based Modeling and Analysis of Failsafe Fault-Tolerance in UML.
Use Case-Based Modeling and Analysis of Failsafe Fault-Tolerance.
A Formal Model for Fault-Tolerance in Distributed Systems.
Modeling execution time of multi-stage N-version fault-tolerant software.
Modeling and Enactment Support for Early Detection of Inconsistencies in Engineering Processes.
Using Models at Run Time to Detect Incomplete and Inconsistent Requirements.
A Dynamic-Priority Based Approach to Fixing Inconsistent Feature Models.
Detecting model inconsistency through operation-based model construction.
Detecting and Resolving Model Inconsistencies Using Transformation Dependency Analysis.
An automated and instant discovery of concrete repairs for model inconsistencies.
Declarative project planning and controlling - a formal model to support the handling of unavoidable inconsistencies.
From Abstract to Concrete Repairs of Model Inconsistencies - An Automated Approach.
An Approach for Detecting Inconsistencies between Behavioral Models of the Software Architecture and the Code.
Computing repair trees for resolving inconsistencies in design models.
Evaluating the Impact of Aspects on Inconsistency Detection Effort - A Controlled Experiment.
Inconsistency management framework for model-based development.
Techne - Towards a New Generation of Requirements Modeling Languages with Goals, Preferences, and Inconsistency Handling.
Enhanced Automation for Managing Model and Metamodel Inconsistency.
Composing Models for Detecting Inconsistencies - A Requirements Engineering Perspective.
Detecting and Repairing Inconsistencies across Heterogeneous Models.
Generating and Evaluating Choices for Fixing Inconsistencies in UML Design Models.
Fixing Inconsistencies in UML Design Models.
Improving Inconsistency Resolution with Side-Effect Evaluation and Costs.
Using Critiquing Systems for Inconsistency Detection in Software Engineering Models.
Prototyping an Inconsistency Checking Tool for Software Process Models.
Loosely-coupled Consistency between Agent-oriented Conceptual Models and Z Specifications.
Modeling with Plausibility Checking - Inspecting Favorable and Critical Signs for Consistency between Control Flow and Functional Behavior.
On the Collaborative Development of Para-Consistent Conceptual Models.
Runtime Adjustment of Configuration Models for Consistency Preservation.
Specifying Consistency Constraints for Modelling Languages.
Sufficient Criteria for Consistent Behavior Modeling with Refined Activity Diagrams.
Supporting Consistency between Architectural Design Decisions and Component Models through Reusable Architectural Knowledge Transformations.
Towards Model-and-Code Consistency Checking.
UML/Analyzer - A Tool for the Instant Consistency Checking of UML Models.
Bidirectionally Tolerating Inconsistency - Partial Transformations.
Data Quality Maintenance by Integrity-Preserving Repairs that Tolerate Inconsistency.
Classifying integrity checking methods with regard to inconsistency tolerance.
Tolerating Inconsistency.
A model-driven approach to flexible multi-level customization of SaaS applications.
Flexible, Any-Time Fault Tree Analysis with Component Logic Models
Unification and consistency verification of object-oriented analysis models
Design and evaluation of a continuous consistency model for replicated services
Modeling and verifying strong cache consistency for mobile data access
Automated consistency and completeness checking of testing models for interactive systems
A Generalized Software Reliability Model Considering Uncertainty and Dynamics in Development
U-Test: Evolving, Modelling and Testing Realistic Uncertain Behaviours of Cyber-Physical Systems
The 'domain model concealer' and 'application moderator' patterns: addressing architectural uncertainty in interactive systems
M u -M mint : an IDE for model uncertainty
MAV-Vis: a notation for model uncertainty
A camera uncertainty model for collaborative visual sensor network applications
Relaxing claims: coping with uncertainty while evaluating assumptions at run time
An Approach for Decision Support on the Uncertainty in Feature Model Evolution
An Empirical Approach to Modeling Uncertainty in Intrusion Analysis
Managing requirements uncertainty with partial models
Managing non-functional uncertainty via model-driven adaptivity
Data Uncertainty Model for Mashup.
Adding uncertainty and units to quantity types in software models
Handling Uncertainty in Automatically Generated Implementation Models in the Automotive Domain
Expressing Measurement Uncertainty in Software Models
Toward a New Model of Indexing Big Uncertain Data
Consistency management with repair actions
A Metamodeling Framework for Promoting Flexibility and Creativity Over Strict Model Conformance
Automatically Detecting and Tracking Inconsistencies in Software Design Models
A Posteriori Typing for ModelDriven Engineering Concepts Analysis and Applications
Approaches to CoEvolution of Metamodels and Models A Survey
Bidirectional Transformations in the Large
Constraint programming for type inference in flexible modeldriven engineering
CARE a constraintbased approach for reestablishing conformancerelationships
Automatic detection of incomplete requirements via symbolic analysis
A sound and optimal incremental build system with dynamic dependencies
A multilevel approach to modeling language extension in the Enterprise Systems Domain
SearchBased Model Transformations with MOMoT
Software engineering in an uncertain world
Supporting automatic model inconsistency fixing
The semantics of partial model transformations
The State of Practice in ModelDriven Engineering
Towards a Methodology for Verifying Partial Model Refinements
Towards a Repository of BX Examples
Towards incremental execution of ATL transformations
Towards Inverse Uncertainty Quantification in Software Development Short Paper
Using Description Logic to Maintain Consistency between UML Models
xlinkit a consistency checking and smart link generation service
Instant consistency checking for the UML
JSMF a Javascript Flexible Modelling Framework
Making inconsistency respectable in software development
Modelanalyzer a tool for detecting visualizing and fixing design errors in UML
Introducing Traceability and Consistency Checking for Change Impact Analysis across Engineering Tools in an Automation Solution Company An Experience Report
Language independent refinement using partial modeling
Managing uncertainty in bidirectional model transformations
Merging partial behavioural models